What is `NPM`?
NPM is a package manager. It is used to install packeges.
React app is powered by the lots of thing by lots of different packages which in turn provide 
more power to our application.
It boast the perfomance of application.

What is `Parcel/Webpack`? Why do we need it?
It is a bundler which has different packages into it.
We need it to make our development code ready for production.
These bundlers helps in
    a. HMR(Hot Module Replacement)
    b.Image optimization
    c.Minifying
    d.Caching while development
    e.Cleaning our code
    d.Compression
    f.Compatible with older version of browser
    g.Bundling etc.

What is `.parcel-cache`
Parcel-cache is a location where parcel store all the previous build information.
This helps parcel to retrieve previous build infomation and which in turn reduce the build duration.

What is `npx` ?
npx is a tool which is used to excecute packages.

What is difference between `dependencies` vs `devDependencies`
In package.json dependencies module is used during development and production 
but devDependencies module is only used during development phase.

- What is Tree Shaking?
It is used to remove unwanted code.
By bundling multiple file into single it removes the unwanted code which is important for production ready.

- What is Hot Module Replacement?
when you make any changes in the code parcel automatically update the code in browser,no page reloading is necessary.

List down your favourite 5 superpowers of Parcel and describe any 3 of them in your own words.
1. HMR(hot Module Replacement)- when you make any changes in the code parcel automatically update the code in browser,
                                no page reloading is necessary.
2. Image optimization
3. Caching
4. Minifying - it minimize the size of code by removing extra spaces and unwanted jargons.
                it reduces the file size too much extent so the app will be light weighted.
5.Tree Shaking - it remove unwanted code. 

- What is `.gitignore`? What should we add and not add into it?
gitignore is the git file that is used as a refrence to while we push our code to git basically it ignore the filename 
present under this would be ignored while we push our code to git server.

we should add - dist, parcel-cache
we shouldn't add - package-lock.json

- Why should I not modify `package-lock.json`?
because it contains the exact version of each dependencies.

-- What is `node_modules` ? Is it a good idea to push that on git?
It is the database of npm. 
No, its not a good idea to push that on git. It ia very heavy weight object. 
We can easily generate the node-modules with the infomation from package.json and package-lock.json.


- What is the `dist` folder?
dist folder is a place where developed code are converted to optimized and production ready.
dist folder is used when production build of application is done.

- What is `browserlists`
browserlists is a tool which makes our application compatible in older browser.

we can add it in package.json file
"browserlists" : "last 2 major versions"


